# Frontend
Using npm scripts to compile SASS and Rollup.js, with some plugins (e.g. babel and uglify), to minify scripts files. Development server and styleguide are included.

Features
- Supports ES6
- Supports SASS
- Minifies css, image and js files
- LiveReload Server
- Styleguide included
- Preconfigured
    - AVAjs - Tests
    - editorconfig
    - SASS-Lint
    - ESLint


# Install
- Requires Node.js
- Use "yarn" or "npm" to install the packages from the "package.json"

# Config-Files
These config files should be used by your editor.
- .eslintrc -> ESLint
- .sass-lint.yml -> SASS-Lint
- .editorconfig -> Setup for your editor
- dev-server.js -> LiveServer configuration
- styleguide/config.txt -> Configuration for the devbridge styleguide

# Rollup.js
"-c" stands for "use the config file" (rollup.config.js).

## Tree-shaking
Rollup.js uses tree-shaking to reduce the file size and removes unused code.

# Build
"npm run build"

Files generated by the build script will not be added to GIT.

# ENV
- Set the NODE_ENV to switch the env (process.env.NODE_ENV).
- Example: "NODE_ENV=production"

# Browserslist
Support the last 2 Versions of each browser. Used by autoprefixer.

# NPM Scripts
Build scripts runs on "npm run build".

If you want to use another ENV (temp) use this: "NODE_ENV=production npm run build".

"npm-run-all"
- The "-s" means sequential (--sequential / --serial).
- The "-p" means parallel (--parallel).

### tasks-sass:ENV:sass-compile
    Compiles sass to css. Starts at "app/src/styles/index.scss".
    - Production: compressed and without sourcemap
    - Development: uncompressed and sourcemap
### tasks-sass:ENV:autoprefixer
    Runs "autoprefixer". Uses all ".min.css" files in the dist folder.
    - Production: without sourcemap
    - Development: with sourcemap
### sass:ENV:build
    Runs all "tasks-sass"-tasks based on the ENV.
### watch (:scripts / :styles)
    Runs chokidar to watch all scss and js files.
### scripts
    Starts the rollup.js logic.
### images
    Minifies image-files (not included in the main build-script)
### clean
    Deletes all files in the "dist" folder except the ".gitkeep".
### build (:development / :production)
    Runs tasks for the development/production env, should not be called directly!
### build
    Runs the build tasks based on the ENV.

    Development:
    Runs "clean" and then "scripts", "sass:build" and "images" in parallel, waits for them to finish and runs "watch".

    Production:
    Runs "clean" and then "scripts", "sass:build" and "images" in parallel.
### test
    Testing is available through AVAjs. Using the "test" environment defined for babel.
### server
    Runs the "dev-server.js" file. Starts a small server ("live-server").
### styleguide
    Starts the styleguide server.

# Tests
Tests are located under the "test" folder. Using AVAjs

# Server
This package uses "live-server". Configuration can be found in the "dev-server.js" file.

# Styleguide
Uses the styleguide tool from devbridge.
Start the styleguide server with "npm run styleguide". Be sure to start the live-server ("npm run server"), too.

Visit http://127.0.0.1:8080/styleguide/

# Version
To raise the Version use one of these:
- "npm version patch" 1.0.0 -> 1.0.1
- "npm version minor" 1.0.1 -> 1.1.0
- "npm version major" 1.1.1 -> 2.0.0
